doc: add npcheck review for Dec 2021 (#102)
nodeshift/nodejs-reference-architecture: npcheck-review/npcheck-dec6-2021.md

  does not belong in CIGGM.
* With respect to the 26 other CITGM warnings we plan to review and see which packages make sense to be
  part of CITGM in the community.
* With respect to the 16 warnings (which is 16/27 modules) about modules with more than 20 dependencies, we are still working out how we should review/check dependencies. None of the warnings reported make us think we should re-look at the packages reported.
* With respect to (3) as a data delivery module, typings do not make sense.
* With respect to (20), (25) as plugins/backends for i18next typings do not make sense.
* With respect to (54) as a generator tool, typings do not make sense.
* With respect to (62) as express middleware typings do not make sense.
* With respect to (66) as an editor typings do not make sense.
* With respect to (74) as a test module typings do not make sense.
* With respect to (13) as a passport plug-in strategy typings are not as important as they might be for some modules. 
* With respect to (40) we think this is most likely an issue with npcheck as we believe JEST has tests
* With respect to (53) openapi-generator-cli has a "test" script in package.json so this seems to be an error. 

> * With respect to (68) npcheck had some bugs in how vulns were reported.  minimist has 1 medium vulnerability which is older than 4 months. It appears the CVE has been fixed in 1.2.3 or later. It's due to swagger-editor@4.0.2 pulling in an older version in its dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
the CVE has been fixed in 1.2.3 or later. It's due to swagger-editor@4.0.2 pulling in an older version in its dependencies. Our investigation shows that its due to the use of the opencollective library and then react-ace which
uses the older version of minimist.  The opencollective library says it will not get updates. This seems like a minimal risk.
``` 
```
